# CharlesLuo
The personal website created by using Dreamweaver.
In this project, I created a personal website that shows my media works, social media highlights, and also the previous video projects. 

# Working Process
Before I created my personal webpage, I started to look for various good websites for reference and inspiration exploration. I really like minimalistic, technological and balanced interface design. Therefore, I set my reference to many video game companies and technology companies' web designs. The League of Legends web design was a great inspiration to me. It places the video at the top of the page instead of the header photo, which gives a strong visual impact and a dynamic visual effect when users enter the site. At the same time, the website's homepage design abandoned a lot of text descriptions and chose to use a combination of large images and background frames to create a simple but informative interface. Therefore, I used this website as inspiration to start the design of the frame.

Information construction is one of the most important aspects of my web design process, and I need to make sure that users get enough information while reading the site. At the same time, I also needed to decide what to present to the user in order to create a navigation system. According to the assignment, I set up five sections: home, bio, media, contact, and process pages. The central theme of the overall design was the personal website, so I needed to show a lot of information about myself, such as photos, videos, past experiences, etc. In terms of content selection, I wanted to progressively show photos, videos and other personal media resources on the homepage.

In the overall tone, I chose black and white as the main color. The two colors with high contrast and contrast can ensure the overall minimalist style, reducing the visual confusion and negative perception caused by the use of too many colors. For the title font, I used League Gothic, a bold, epic, clear font with a straighter visual appearance. The movie Justice League used this font for the title design of the poster. For the sub-title, I used Electrolize, Roboto, and Impact. The common features are bold, straight, and technical. As a result, the overall web page has a technological character, and presents a straight and simple visual effect. I created and resized the backgrounds for each media frame individually, choosing black, white, and gray colors and placing them one by one. The user can feel the change and balance of the colors as he or she views the page.

Regarding WCAG 2.0 (Web Content Accessibility Guidelines Guidelines), this website provides text alternative content for non-text content, incorporating adaptable content with distinguishable content. The site was created based on keyboard accessibility and is committed to providing users with sufficient time to read and use the content. The site is not designed in a way that is known to cause seizures. The site incorporates navigable content (e.g., home page, featured jobs, resume, etc.) that provides readable content in a straightforward typographic format. The site has predictable pages and the sites are compatible with each other.
